README.md, before:

Compiling the reference implementation
--------------------------------------
Install OpenCV with QT or gtk

These two urls should help. 

http://karytech.blogspot.in/2012/05/opencv-24-on-ubuntu-1204.html

http://opencv-python-tutroals.readthedocs.org/en/latest/py_tutorials/py_setup/py_setup_in_fedora/py_setup_in_fedora.html

One can also install from source using the documentation on the OpenCV website

icpc -xhost -openmp -O3 harris.cpp -L /usr/local/lib/ -lopencv_imgproc -lopencv_core -lopencv_highgui -o harris -DANALYZE -DSHOQ -DNRUNS=5

g++ -openmp -O3 harris.cpp -L /usr/local/lib/ -lopencv_imgproc -lopencv_core -lopencv_highgui -o harris -DANALYZE -DSHOW -DNRUNS=5

./harris.out path_to_image_file

Running the python demo
-----------------------
Install Python, NumPy (the urls above cover this installation) 

Compile the reference implementation in the video folder as a shared library

icpc -xhost -openmp -fPIC -shared -o harris.so harris_extern.cpp

g++ -openmp -fPIC -shared -o harris.so harris_extern.cpp

Run the python script as

python video_benchmark.py path_to_video_file 1/0

1 - for displaying the video

0 - for running 25 frames using OpenCV and 25 frames using reference implementation

Once the video is running
 
h - toggles harris mode on/off

space - toggles between reference and opencv implementation

Commit message:

update for base impl separation
Signed-off-by: Uday Bondhugula <uday@csa.iisc.ernet.in>

README.md, after:

E0255 Assignment

Deadline: Apr 26, 2015 11:59pm

Put your function in a separate file harris.opt.cpp and name it 
harris_opt.  With the video demo, hitting the key 'o' should switch from 
the base implementation provided in harris.cpp (harris_base) to yours 
(harris_opt).  You'll have to update video_benchmark.py slightly to 
allow this.

Compiling the reference implementation
--------------------------------------
Install OpenCV with QT or gtk

These two urls should help. 

http://karytech.blogspot.in/2012/05/opencv-24-on-ubuntu-1204.html

http://opencv-python-tutroals.readthedocs.org/en/latest/py_tutorials/py_setup/py_setup_in_fedora/py_setup_in_fedora.html

One can also install from source using the documentation on the OpenCV website

icpc -xhost -openmp -O3 harris.cpp -L /usr/local/lib/ -lopencv_imgproc -lopencv_core -lopencv_highgui -o harris -DANALYZE -DSHOQ -DNRUNS=5

g++ -openmp -O3 harris.cpp -L /usr/local/lib/ -lopencv_imgproc -lopencv_core -lopencv_highgui -o harris -DANALYZE -DSHOW -DNRUNS=5

./harris.out path_to_image_file

Running the python demo
-----------------------
Install Python, NumPy (the urls above cover this installation) 

Compile the reference implementation in the video folder as a shared library

icpc -xhost -openmp -fPIC -shared -o harris.so harris_extern.cpp

g++ -openmp -fPIC -shared -o harris.so harris_extern.cpp

Run the python script as

python video_benchmark.py path_to_video_file 1/0

1 - for displaying the video

0 - for running 25 frames using OpenCV and 25 frames using reference implementation

Once the video is running
 
h - toggles harris mode on/off

space - toggles between opencv and base or optimized implementation

o - toggles between base and optimized implementations
